# Cryptography exercise

## Functions implementation

Write the following functions:

a) A function that creates an ECDSA-P256 (secp256r1) key and saves it in PEM
format.  
b) A function that reads a PEM key and uses it to sign a message. The signature
should be returned in Base64URL format.  
c) A function that reads a PEM key and uses it to verify the signature of a
message generated by the second (b) function.

## Data structures implementation

Write a structure for storing one or more statuses (boolean true/false). The
structure should use the []byte type to store the statuses, where each
individual bit represents one state (true or false).

The structure should support:

- Setting an individual existing state.
- Creating a new state within the list.
- Encoding the entire list into a gzipped, Base64-encoded string.  
encodedList: (return base64(gzip(byteArray)))

## HTTP server implementation

Program an HTTP server that serves JSON REST APIs through which you can create
and manipulate the above data structure. Each list should be stored in a
PostgreSQL database.

The list of API calls should be as follows:

- GET /api/status/:statusId/:index  
The variable index is of type integer.  
Returns a JWS compact signed message (the correctness of the JWS, signed JWT,
can be verified here: [jwt.io](https://jwt.io)) with a JWK header and the
following example payload:

```json
{
    "iat": {{UNIX_time_now}}
    "exp": {{UNIX_time_now + 1day}}
    "iss": "http://{{domain}}/api/status/{{:statusId}}"
    "status": {
        "encodedList": {{encodedList}}
        "index": {{:index}}
    }
}
```

- PUT /api/status/:statusId/:index  
Set the state of {{:index}} in the structure {{:statusId}} to true.

- DELETE /api/status/:statusId/:index  
Set the state of {{:index}} in the structure {{:statusId}} to false.

- POST /api/status/:statusId  
Create a new state in the structure {{:statusId}} and return the index.

- GET /api/status  
Retrieve all structures (list of statusIds).

- POST /api/status  
Create a new structure and return the statusId of the newly created structure.
